hey I am on your fetch Co and this is my
new job you camera Samsung has
challenged me to live out my wildest
dream and I challenge you to follow me
can you keep up I'm doing my first
Samsung challenge and yes it's going to
function working human hair would you
trust a man with a dream like that I
understand that can be seriously injured
or even killed as a result of my
participation in skydiving wait start
smiling I'll go automatically and this
is where all the silent loved ones are
waiting nervously you just hang out
you're probably getting the shaggin
wagon over there
the shaggin wagon super sexy I love it
the four corners is the ceiling the
sides and the ground is all carpet so I
saw some YouTube videos yes and you were
going without a parachute yeah and I
wore a climbing harness underneath my
shorts hmm I had another guy who had a
parachute down there somewhere hooked up
to him and we descended under one
parachute you know go figure go home
life short live hard exactly that's
right but if they're not too short this
is the parachute I'll be you
yeah that actually looks like fun Susan
rolling around in the parachute with you
but you have so many nerves going on I
don't even know what to say or what to
feel this is not my final text message I
love you speak how many jumps have you
done almost 12,000 and nothing's ever
happened right oh we don't want to talk
about that you'll get that wedgie out at
some point tomorrow Israel isn't it cool
you didn't see it that is if I bring her
back safely
amazing I'm shaking right now they do of
it it was amazing I lit I thought I was
gonna pee my pants
huge thanks to Samsung ago view digital
camera which I use to take these saloon
pictures see you next week